Radiationforth proposes a new technical solution and economic model based on Layer2's best scaling solution, Arbitrum Rollup protocol, to create an efficient Dex decentralized transaction protocol and let customers choose the estimated exchange solution and multi-Dex exchange solution. It also supports matching transaction trading pair through aggregators for fast and easy blockchain practical applications.

Radiationforth will provide a rich integration interface and fully support Layer2's AMM (Automated Market Maker), making Radiationforth the cornerstone network for the next generation of Dex trading.

Radiationforth will distribute RIO/RIA to guarantee holders' proof of interest.
RADIO (RIO) is the first cryptocurrency to adopt the concept of locked-in period staking farming, and is dedicated to meet the holders' circulation and value-added needs.
The amount of RIO distributed will be 1:1 with the amount of HT stakingd, and a certain amount of RIO will be recovered through pledging to ensure that the RIO produced by farming will continue to increase in value.

RADIA (RIA) is a quantitative distribution cryptocurrency offered by Radiationforth, with a flexible staking to provide customers with higher value-added needs and users to meet their stored value needs. the fixed yield and repurchase strategy of RIA ensures the rapid appreciation of RIA over a long period of time, and the smaller distribution volume determines the rarity of RIA.

The funds staking in Radiationforth will be entered into Mdexswap trading pair and used for RIO/RIA liquidity exchange of the holder's output. All Mdexswap trading pair generated by the holder's staking will be stored on-chain through a time lock mechanism to ensure the security of the holder's funds.

